if we somehow could succeed in changing
the nature of human beings so that they
were not capable of um uh creating new
knowledge then the same thing would
happen to our species as happened to
99.9% of all species that have ever
existed namely we would go extinct in
fact we would go extinct much faster
because our ecological niche depends on
creating new knowledge all our sister
species our cousin species whatever you
want to call them went
extinct and they went extinct not
because they created too much knowledge
and and fell foul of the unintended
consequences of their knowledge but they
went extinct precisely because they
lived the sustainable lifestyle that to
which Evolution had adapted them and
evolution played the same nasty trick on
them as it usually plays on species it
wiped them out for doing so